What is  difference between a list and a tuple?
Lists are mutable- you can change them after creation. 
Tuple are immutable - Once Created that's it. tuples are slightly faster and are used when the data shouldn't change 

What does "args" And 'kwargs' do ?
"args" collects extra positional arguments into a tuple.
"Kwargs" collects extra keyworrds arguments into a dict. 
you use them when you dont know in advance how many arguments a function will receive.

def show(*args, **kwargs):
  print(args) #tuple
  print(kwargs) #dict
show(1,2, name ='Alice') 

what is the difference between == and is ?
== checks if two values are equal.
is checks if they are the same object in memory. Two variables can be == without being is. Small Integers (-5 to 256) and short strings are created so is might return 
True - But never rely on that.

What are mutable and immutable types in python ?
Mutable = list, dict, set, bytearray
Immutable = int,float,str,tuple, bool , frozenset.
Immutable objects can be used as dict keys. 
Mutable objects passed to a function can be modified inside it - that surprises people.

what is a list comprehension and when do you use it ?
A compact way to build a list: [expr for item in iterable if condition]. use it when the logic is simple enough to read in one line. where there's exception handling
or 3+ conditions, use a regular loop 

what is difference between append() and extend() ?
append() adds one item to the end.
extend() adds every items from an iterable.
lst.append([1,2]) makes the list one longer. lst.extend([1,2]) makes it two longer

How does python handle memory managment?
python uses reference counting plus a garbage collector for cyclic references.
when an object's reference count drops to zero's it's freed. The gc module handles circular references the reference counter can't detect.

what is lambda function?
An anonymous function written in one line: lambda args: expression. The expression is always returned - no return needed. best inside sorted(key =...),
map(0,filter(). never assign a lambda to a variable - use def for that.

What is diffference between deepcopy and copy ?
copy.copy() is a shallow copy - it copies the outer object but nested objects are still shared. copy.deepcopy() copies everything recursively . for a list of lists,
shallow copy means modifying a nested list affect both copies.